the secret of making great food is to
ensure you lock in every last ounce of
flavor in that pan and this spicy
sausage rice does exactly that
[Music]
take the spicy sausages and piss that
skin because I want all that delicious
spicy sausage made out of this casing
and you get more flavor from the sausage
when you take them out of the casing
sausage is ready turn on the gas red
onion less acidic that a big white
Spanish onion and a lot more flavor some
tablespoon of olive oil a tablespoon
only because I want all that fat coming
out of sausages just sort of really help
flavor the onions onions in and the
owners go in first because you can never
rush cooking an onion it's really
important just sort of give them 5 6
minutes in the pan so you can really
start the camera isn't and now for my
pepper slice around wasting nothing
I wanna see that sort of little core
those pips in the center no fine dice
pepper the rice is going to be cooking
for 20 minutes so I want the veg to sort
of have texture half is cooked peppers
in for the garlic
- nice cloves just slapped down off with
the shell the garlic in now I'll turn up
the gas get the pan nice and hot because
the minute that squash it goes in
everything cools down and you'll end up
boiling the peppers and the onions or
the garlic so heat up to maximum and
then just make a well in the center I
mean now start stirring quickly this way
you get so much more bang for your buck
out of sausages because the skins off
and the real flavor of that spicy
Italian sausage he's gonna come food
what's great about this recipe is that
you can use any type of sausage to get
the flavor and the heat you want I've
gone for the spicy Italian but it's just
as good with no gays or chorizo
a teaspoon freaking and give it that
really nice smoky flavor ricin and we're
gonna sort of basically sear the rice we
call it in the kitchen blasting the rice
where we sort of go to the rice for 30
seconds and it takes on all that flavor
next white wine so the wine sort of
deglazing the pan and watching all that
flavor on the bottom of the pan into the
rice stock in bring it up to the boil
turn it down and let it simmer double
stop to Rice turn that gas down and let
it simmer so 12 to 15 minutes and just
give it the occasional stir keep an eye
on it now get ready to finish it slice
spring onions diced sweet juicy tomatoes
and roughly chopped earthy flat leaf
parsley
springers in tomatoes in off with the
gas really important otherwise
everything becomes overcooked flat leaf
parsley in but look at the volume in
that pan now that is an amazing way to
take spicy Italian sausages took a
completely different level beautiful
[Music]